h1. JAVROS

*Author: Yuki Suga
*E-mail: ysuga at ysuga.net
*Date  : since 2011/09/01

h2. Contents

*Objective & Goal
*Characteristics
*Target System and Dependency
*Usage and References
*Link
*Next Step & FutureWork

h2. Objective & Goal

JAVROS is a ROS compatible pure Java library.
This allows any developers to use ROS through the network w/o 
installing the original ROS file system.


h2. Characteristics

JAVROS is currently under development.
JAVROS allows following features:
* Create ROS node.
* Publish Topic
* Subscribe Topic
* Provide Service
* Consume Service
* Subscribe Parameter
* Update Parameter

JAVROS does NOT allow following feature (but will be implemented..):
* Master Server (roscore)
* Parameter Server
* Native Type Reflection (rosmsg, rossrv)

NOTICE:
The current JAVROS uses original roscore's master service, and  
you MUST launch rosref service.

rosref provides the type reflection service (rosmsg, rossrv).
Please follow http://github.com/ysuga/rosref


h2. Target System and Dependency

JAVROS itself depends on nothing.

NOTICE:
Current JAVROS includes (APACHE XML-RPC server&client).


h2. Usage and References

Download and import eclipse project.

h2. Link

*ROS http://ros.org


h2. Next Step & Future Work

h3. Next Step

h4. ROSValue class modification.
ROSValue should allow multi-class value.
Sequence should be supported.

h3. Future Work
h4. ROSCore implementation.
ROSCore should be implemented by JAVROS. Parameter Server is also implemented in the future.
